Jacob was 77 years old.
He was unmarried
and hated by his twin brother, Esau.
At the direction of his parents,
Jacob fled to the land of Abraham’s relatives.
When he stopped to rest for the night,
Jehovah gave Jacob
full assurance of divine support.
In a dream,
Jacob saw a ladder, or stairway,
leading from earth to heaven.
Angels were busily ascending
and descending the stairway.
Then Jehovah spoke to Jacob, saying:
“I am with you,
and I will safeguard you wherever you go.”
Just as Jehovah proved to be with Jacob,
so He has been
with His people throughout history.
From ancient times to our day,
this world has tried to disturb
the peace that God’s people enjoy.
Jehovah cares for his people.
Guided by Jehovah’s holy spirit
and with the support of the angels,
we are able to stand
by our brothers and sisters under attack.
As a result,
we feel as though we are standing
as one person against Satan’s attacks.
Jehovah is truly on our side!